nu: add page (#5818)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/nu.md

# nu

> > Nushell, a "new type of shell": takes a modern, structured approach to your commandline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Nushell - a modern, structured approach to your commandline.
```
This sounds a bit more tldr-conform, what do you think?

Author: I prefer my take that mixes the official moto (`a "new type of shell"`, that explain the name) with my own explanation (`structured approach to your commandline`). 😇

Reviewer 2: Yeah, it does, but I'm not sure about the hypen used there 🤔
Perhaps this?
```suggestion
> Nushell (new shell) takes a modern, structured approach to your command-line.
```

Author: OK 👍. I did a mix of your comments and mine in commit e7b66f4.

> > Nushell, a "new type of shell": takes a modern, structured approach to your commandline.

Author: ```suggestion
> Nushell ("a new type of shell") takes a modern, structured approach to your command-line.
```

> More information: <https://www.nushell.sh>.

- Start an interactive shell session:

`nu`

- Execute a command and then exit:

> `nu --commands "{{command}}"`

Reviewer 3: How can I send arguments to the target command? (check [nix-shell](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/master/pages/common/nix-shell.md) and [kde-inhibit](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/master/pages/linux/kde-inhibit.md) for examples).

Author: Not sure it applies to `nushell`. If I understand well (I am a `nushell` newbie 😇), `--commands`'s value is a function pipeline (function(s) with arguments or/and operators):  
```
nu --commands "echo 42"
```
```
nu --commands "ls | sort-by size | reverse"
```

Reviewer 3: Cool, so it's like `nix-shell`. We can add this to make it clear in the example:
```suggestion
`nu --commands "{{command}} {{command_arguments}}"`
```

Author: Hmm, I think we cannot say that a Nushell command has optional arguments. If I understand well, commands can have parameters and can be combined with operators, but I am not sure we have to mention this in `tldr`. :nerd_face:

Reviewer 4: Yeah, I think it's best to keep things simple here. Let's keep this as-is.
